hi we are at the 2011 GNC and PC
Southern California Championships here
in San Diego with me today is michelle
trap she is going to be competing at the
NPC USA Championships in Las Vegas
Nevada on July 29th and 30th so Michelle
how many years have you been training I
have been training now hard core
training in the gym about seven or eight
years I'm definitely a gym rat that's
what I do I'm a personal trainer
so when I'm not training I'm training
other people but I basically I live in
the gym okay and then let me add so so
you like to wait train how many shows
have you done zero okay because I wanted
to do shows but I in the past I I've
always been told that I'm too big for
figure I'm just I'm too big I'm too Jack
they don't want me on the figure stage
bodybuilding I'm too small for
bodybuilding and so you know I like the
way my body looks now this is the way
I've always trained my body this is the
way this is how I do so when John
Lindsey came out with this new physique
class I was just like this is it this is
it finally I can get on stage and man I
plan on killing it I just I feel like
this class was made for me for girls who
look like me
for girls who train like me who just you
know love still being feminine and girly
girly but like like having muscles do
guns I'm not going to lose it for
anything alright and and have you been
prepping for the show on your own or
have you had any help from anybody no I
have not been doing this on my own I've
been training with Derek Farnsworth IFBB
Pro out at World Gym in San Diego he's
been with me since day one we've been
going hard since the first of the year
he's been doing my diet my training my
posing now my routines he's he's been
holding my hand but you know he's the
best that there is out here and he's
going to help me man he's going to help
me slide into home plate I'm telling you
what is help God willing it'll work
it'll all work out alright well we
definitely look forward to seeing you on
stage in July and good luck to you and
this is Kim Hill reporting for muscle
contest calm